README.md, before:

# Quantum Ising Model approximation using wCNF formulas

This folder contains a program that can convert Quantum Ising Models in a specific JSON format to wCNF formulas. This can then be used to estimate the partition function of the quantum model.

## Input format

The Quantum Ising Model should be represented using a JSON file with a root object with three children: `nodes` is an integer with the number of nodes in the system, `external_factor` is the external field strength as a float, `interactions` is a list of interactions. An interaction is represented using a list of three items: First the two nodes that are connected (as integers) and then the strength of the interaction (as a float). An example of a system with two nodes with external field strength 1 and an interaction of strength 1 is shown below:
```json
{
    "nodes": 2,
    "external_factor": 1,
    "interactions": [
        [0, 1, 1]
    ]
}
```

## Installing a solver

Different solvers have different installation requirements. The folder `docs/solvers` contains instructions on how to install the different solvers. Please note that solvers should be installed in a folder `solvers/[solver-name]` to work properly with this application.

## Running the conversion tool

To create an approximation wCNF formula and run the solver on it to get an approximation of the parition function, run the following:
```sh
python main.py filename
```
Here the filename is a JSON file with the correct input format. This generates an `output.cnf` file with the wCNF formula specification. The quantum partition function approximation is shown in the terminal. For more options, use
```sh
python main.py -h
```

Commit message:

Updated README and added main overview

README.md, after:

# Quantum Ising Model approximation using wCNF formulae

This folder contains tools that can approximate quantum Ising model partition functions using weighted CNF formulae. The quantum Ising models should be given as JSON files (see the [examples folder](./examples/)).

## Input format

The Quantum Ising Model should be represented using a JSON file with a root object with up to four children:
- `spin_count` is an integer with the number of nodes/spins in the system
- `external_field_x` is the external field strength in the x-direction as a float
- `external_field_z` is the external field strength in the z-direction as a float
- `interaction` is a list of interactions. An interaction is represented using a list of three items: First the two nodes that are connected (as integers) and then the strength of the interaction (as a float). An example of a system with two nodes with transverse field strength 1 and an interaction of strength 1 is shown below:
```json
{
    "spin_count": 2,
    "external_field_x": 1, // Optional, defaults to 0
    "external_field_z": 0, // Optional, defaults to 0
    "interaction": [
        [0, 1, 1]
    ]
}
```

## Installing a solver

To approximate the partition function of a model using a weighted CNF formula, model counters need to be installed. These are four supported model counters: Cachet, DPMC, Ganak, and TensorOrder. IThe folder `docs/solvers` contains instructions on how to install the different solvers. Please note that solvers should be installed in a folder `solvers/[solver-name]` to work properly with this application.

## List of tools

Run the following command to get an overview of all of the different tools, such as converting a quantum Ising model to a weighted CNF file, and calling a solver:
```sh
python -m app
```
Note that all tools should be run with the command prefix `python -m`, as described when running the above command.
